What do you want?
I'm going to bring the night market group's stock to rock bottom
Don't you dare
Sell all my shares in the Night Market Group
The rent is crazy
Miss, don't stop the stock of our night market group.
Throw away all my assets
Lost good
Miss, our money is too different.
Far from enough haha
Not enough money
Add me too
Give me one.
And I give me one, then I
That's not enough.
I am the second largest shareholder of the Night Market Group
You can waste time and come up with so much money
Is that it?
After that, the Silver Group was completely destroyed again
Don't worry, he won't be complacent for long.
The stocks topped by the lady's father have been bought out
Now the stock price is back up.
Ah!
Ha, have you little liars stopped complaining about stocks?
That's not possible.
Leaves are good from today
You are no longer a director of the night market group
Someone take it away